I mean in my father's time there was anti-Semitism without a doubt because
and there are streets in Swansea where well Jewish people started off at the
slaughterhouse right which was smelly so that was the cheap housing and they
lived there and most of my family lived there and then as they got better you
could see the progression coming off the hill one side of the hill was Jewish
the other side was Green Hill which was the Catholics where the Catholic
Cathedral is St. Joseph right they've come down the hill and they came to
Mansel Street which was where my grandfather had right and they had
houses you know families had houses right and then they gradually moved west
which was Uplands, Skeetie and some in Gower but you could see the progression
of wealth and standing within the communities you know so now most of our
what's left are west of Swansea there's nobody that lives east of the river